Hello Developpers and games makers!

We are CMA.fvg (Communauty Music Assets For Video Games) a communauty of 3 persons (for now, we hope to make it bigger) of composers/sound designers passionnate by vidéogame.
We strongly believe in music assets of quality and flexibility at the same level, what that means : We try to make great musics most natural as possible with orchestrations or arrangments
AND great options of loops/adaptative/interractions/stems (multi instruments).

About Musics from Bara Amann (Main Menu, The Forest, The Cave) and Koob (Character Selection, Cosmopolitain Village and Victorious return) they are made to give you the possibilities of
using parts to be able of arranging in your needs, with stems and parts as a kit.
About Musics from Rafdows (A Viking Village Life & Death, Village of Ashes, Climbing Down The Mountain and The Reborn Of A Viking's Village) are made differently, the songs have
its progression but you may loops most part of it, stems separately or not because all loop and in certains case may even swap... Ok, it gave kind of flexibility but take a lot of memory.
In others words, each methode has goods and cons, or you may have good kit that take not too much memory or you have fully usuable kit more easily but take a lot of memory...

What we want it's to know what you prefer, we want to make something good, maybe a new kind of assets with a high level of quality almost like a custom work but for a quite low price.
For that reason here we have secondly here put for free this track, the first one : 'A Viking Village Life & Death' from Rafdows because we want to know what you think about this track
in his options of interractivity, because in this one you have all splited in a lot of parts, full loops and stems, intro or bridge, to be able to really assemble it almost like you want
but still keeping is personnality and melodies but the problem with this is that you have 78 files in total, it's a lot but give a lot of possibilities...
It's in wav files, maybe beter in mp3?
So, tel us if the strucure is easy to understand/exploit/manage and above all if that is really usefull! It's done a little differently that with the first free one
'Main Menu' so you may compare and say what you prefer.
Next time, for the third and last music for free, it will be another kind of classical "kit" structure.

If this method seem to hard to use, explain it, we have a kind of idea that to avoid maybe all problem but we first whant to have feed back to think twice about it.

Of course, if you want a real custom work, we are availlable that for also!

Feel free to ask us questions, we'll answear to it as it best we are we are able to!
Thanks to have purchased this pack, we hope you'll have great using about it!
Nice regards,

Rafdows, Bara Amann and Koob.
CMA.fvg
Mail : cmafvg@gmail.com